# SkyNation
Welcome to the SkyNation repository. This is a space exploration MMO type of game. I've been working on it for a few years. 
The recent technology allows the combination of SwiftUI, SceneKit, and SpriteKit to work together and make this game's production easier and faster.
The reason this repository is public for now is that I would like to find people like you. People that are browsing projects, and trying to find something cool to work on.
I intend to pull this project out of its **public** state to a **private repository** around February, 2021.
If you are a Blender artist, or can program in Swift any of the frameworks mentioned above, or Swift Vapor for this game's server, don't hesitate to contact me.
Feel free to take a look at the *ToDo* list, make suggestions, etc.

# 📝 Projects
SkyNation is broken down into 5 projects.
The contributors to these projects shall have a **fair** share of the game, and therefore receive their share of the profits generated by the game and its related projects mentioned below.

- [X] **SkyNation** - This game's project: MacOS, iOS, TVOS
- [X] **SceneMachine** - 3D Framework to help with scenes, shaders, special FX, etc.
- [ ] **SKNServer** - The server hosting game info - Host the database, players interactions, and some geometry + material assets
- [ ] **Gamebase2D** - 2D Framework (SpriteKit) created for this and other games

# 🏆 Milestones

- [X] Test Project created: "SkyTestSceneKit" - Farini on 7/30/20.
- [X] SkyNation Project created: 12/18/2020
- [ ] Server Project SKNServer - A server for this game written in Vapor.
- [ ] Apple Store Product Registration
- [ ] Product Version 1.0

## Methodology 
The completion of each **ToDo** item will lead to the earning of **Stars**, which represent a feature of the game.
Each **ToDo** item has a difficulty level. As each item is different, and requires some amount of work, a ToDo item should have its difficulty level indicated on the ToDo list, as described below:

> ★ Completed features get a *filled* star.
> ☆ Features that need work done, are incomplete, or not yet started, get an empty star.


### 📝 Difficulty Levels
 - 1. 1 hour or less
 - 3. 1h < 1d
 - 5. 1d < 3d
 - 8. 3d < 7d
 - 13. 7d, or more
 
 # Completeness
 Each Item gets a grade 1-5 (stars) that rerpresents how complete the item is.
 
 ## Programming
 
 - [ ] ★☆☆☆☆ Module, Hab, Lab, Bio
 - [ ] ★☆☆☆☆ Earth Order
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Garage
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Accounting System
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Truss
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Life Support Systems
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Travels Scene (v 1.1)
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Mars Scene
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Server - SKNServer?
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Player(object) + settings + playability
 
 ## Art Assets
 Each Item gets a grade 1-5 (stars) that rerpresents how complete the item is.
 
 Icons + 2D Overlays
 - [ ] ★★★☆☆ Humans + Skills
 - [ ] ★☆☆☆☆ Tanks, Containers, Ingredients, Peripherals
 - [ ] ★☆☆☆☆ Scenes Overlay (Camera, Vehicles list, etc.)
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Action Icons - Buy, Cancel, Cheat, Tokens, etc.
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Icons - App Icon
 
 3D Scenes
 - [ ] ★★☆☆☆ Space Station
 - [ ] ★☆☆☆☆ Delivery Vehicle
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Mars Colony
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Mars Map 1 - Zoom out (v1.1)
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Mars Map 2 - Zoom in (v1.1)
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Space Vehicle
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Sound Effects
 - [ ] ☆☆☆☆☆ Music / Soudtrack
 
 ## Total Completeness
 Example calculation of **fair share**
 @ File created (with these settings): October 29, 2020 at 3:00 PM
 - [X] Star Count: 5/70 = 7.14%
 - [X] ★ (1 Star) = 1.43%
 - [X] Farini 5/5 = 100%
 - [ ] Difficulty Count: 64
 - [ ] Done Difficulty: 6/64 = 9.37%

#  Backlog
Items being worked on

## 📝 Doing - Present

- [X] 1/1 SpaceVehicle
- [X] 1/1 Module -> Skins 
- [X] 1/1 Human Selection View
- [X] 1/3 Accounting Problems View
- [X] 1/1 tComponents on Truss
- [X] 3/3 Cuppola
- [X] 1/3 Notify scene when tech is ready (not tested)
- [X] Make Game work on iPad

- [ ] Scene is showing Serial builder ahead of time. Check isUnlocked vs isResearched
- [ ] 1/3 Ship Animation (Needs better particle emitter, plus open the shell)
- [ ] Solar Panel positions
- [ ] 1/3 Camera options + animations
- [ ] 1/8 Overlay improvements
- [ ] Truss Positions View
- [ ] 1/3 iPad View Presentation

- [ ] 5/13 Basic Views
    - [ ] Create a general Header View in SwiftUI for all SwiftUI base views
    - [ ] Charge from building Tech + Recipe

## 📝 To Do - Future
Grab things from this list as you go along.

- [ ] Improve and use PlayerObject
- [ ] Vehicle Accounting View
- [ ] Lights (Roboarm, Garage in, Garage out, Cuppola, Airlock) + User control
- [ ] Roboarm animation
- [ ] Earth Revealage
- [ ] Extra modules (mod7, mod8)
- [ ] Implement 'Skin' on all Modules
- [ ] 1/3 Cleanup Original Scene
- [ ] 3/13 Loading Station Scene
- [ ] 2/3 Station -> Accounting
- [ ] Vehicle Accounting
- [ ] Simplify Builder (Delete orientation, etc.) - Questionable
- [ ] Add Modules 7 ... 10
- [ ] 1/13 Basic Data Model
- [ ] 2/5 TechTree improvements (Tree improved, Add Antenna upgrades, Charge ingredients, electricity, Select Humans, Fix Time)
- [ ] 1/13 Create Mars Scene
- [ ] 0/21 Mars Views & Controllers
- [ ] 0/13 Create Server
- [ ] 0/3 Create Loading initial screen
- [ ] 3/13 Main Scenes Overlay
    - [ ] Player
    - [ ] Camera Control
    - [ ] LSS - Air Control
    - [ ] Mars
    - [ ] Mars Map
    - [ ] Vehicles Table
    - [ ] News (Centered)

## 📝 Done - Past
- [X] Project created: "SkyTestSceneKit" - Farini on 7/30/20.
- [X] 1/1 Improved Ingredients list (includes Lithium, Iron, Silicates, wasteLiquid)
- [X] 1/1 Player Entity
- [X] 1/1 Peripherals -> On/Off
- [X] 3/3 Create the real project - "SkyNation"
- [X] 1/1 When shopping Battery, add battery to right place (Truss)
- [X] Add Antenna and levels - to make money
- [X] Add Antenna Upgrades to Tech Tree
- [X] Modules Positions
- [X] Earth vs Payload Ship
- [X] Earth Animation
- [X] Airlock + positions
- [X] 3/3 Implement GarageView like the other Views - Header, List, Right View
